# README Q&A
<br>
<br><b>How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?</b>
<br>
<br> I write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable by organizing codes in a logical order and leaving comments to signal which line of code needs to be changed in order to perform new tasks. For example, I wanted to organize my CRUD code into specific sections so it would be easier to go down a list later on and create updates when needed. I wanted to do the same with the different widgets, sorting them in the order where they appear on the dashboard and then leaving comments to signal where each widget was located. The advantage of working this way is that I never had to wonder where to find certain codes that I needed to change. Everything was in an order that made sense. In the future, I can use this same CRUD Python module for another database. I simply have to change certain variables and receive the same or a similiar application if that is what needs to be accomplished.
<br>
<br><b>How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?</b>
<br>
<br> As a computer scientist, I never assumed to know the answers or underestimated the value of taking notes. I always kept the assignment's rubric open so I would not overlook any tasks, and I did my best to brainstorm all the different things I needed to do before actually writing the code itself. My approach to this project differed from previous assignments in other courses because, first and foremost, this was my first time doing "full stack development". In the past I worked with either the database or the front-end application. It was eye-opening to be a part of both! In fact, this course made me realize that full stack development is a career path I would really enjoy doing in the future. In the future, I would use the techniques/strategies from this course of splitting major projects into smaller parts in order to meet my client's requests. I think working in these increments allows more time to focus on ensuring that each section works rather than tackling one big project. 
<br>
<br><b>What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?</b>
<br> 
<br>Computer scientists utilize technology to build, update, and/or improve existing systems. This matters because our society is constantly advancing. These advancements call for computer scientists who are able to adapt and learn with technological changes, and provide ways for others to access information in efficient ways. Working on this project taught me the importance of chronicling my progress through means such as screenshots and a README document. I believe a company like Grazioso Salvare will do better work by having records of how projects are made from start to finish.
<br>
